Issue/14 server (#31)
teamulster2/report: report/04_implementation/02_go_server.md

## Go backend

*Golang* is an open source programming language designed by Google developers in 2009[1].

> Because of it's simplicity and readability it is a perfect match for the programming 
> language choice on the server side of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because it was developed for distributed systems, it's simplicity and readability
it is a perfect match for the programming language choice on the server side of the application.
```

> it is a perfect match for the programming language choice on the server side of the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is a perfect match for the programming language choice on the server side of the application.
```

> Additionailly there is an advanced information structure for the language like *Go by 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionailly there is an advanced information structure for the language, like *Go by 
```

Example*[2] and *The Go Playground*[3] due to the open source character and community support.

> Unfortunately the Go tooling appears to be not very verbose and intuitive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unfortunately the Go tooling is not very verbose and intuitive.
```

We faced this circumstance by creating an extensive Makefile to work with.

The *GORM*[4] library supported the implementation of the server side database with a 
full-featured object-relational mapping. For that reason, model creation as well as database 

> interaction is easy and developer-friendly. Although the error handling was not straightforward 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
interaction is easy and developer-friendly, although the error handling was not straightforward 
```
